{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf400
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-BoldItalic;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Italic;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green0\blue85;\red63\green95\blue191;\red0\green0\blue192;
\red42\green0\blue255;\red63\green127\blue95;\red106\green62\blue62;\red127\green159\blue191;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c0\c33333;\csgenericrgb\c24706\c37255\c74902;\csgenericrgb\c0\c0\c75294;
\csgenericrgb\c16471\c0\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c24706\c49804\c37255;\csgenericrgb\c41569\c24314\c24314;\csgenericrgb\c49804\c62353\c74902;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww38200\viewh24000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 package
\f1\b0 \cf0  gui;\
\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  java.awt.Dimension;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  java.awt.event.ActionEvent;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  java.awt.event.ActionListener;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  java.io.File;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  java.io.FileNotFoundException;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  java.io.PrintStream;\
\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  javax.swing.ImageIcon;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  \ul javax.swing.JButton\ulnone ;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  javax.swing.JDialog;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  javax.swing.JFrame;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  javax.swing.JMenu;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  javax.swing.JMenuBar;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  javax.swing.JMenuItem;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  javax.swing.JOptionPane;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  javax.swing.JPanel;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  javax.swing.JTextArea;\
\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  utilities.About;\

\f0\b \cf2 import
\f1\b0 \cf0  utilities.FileParser;\
\

\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 class
\f1\b0 \cf0  MainFrame 
\f0\b \cf2 extends
\f1\b0 \cf0  JFrame \{\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	 * Auto generated serial field\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 long
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f2\i\b \cf4 serialVersionUID
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0  = -1683917555496614884L;\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * Minimum width of the main window\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f2\i\b \cf4 MIN_FRAME_WIDTH
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0  = 300;\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * Minimum height of the main window\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f2\i\b \cf4 MIN_FRAME_HEIGHT
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0  = 200;\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * The fraction constant to provide relative calculations to the main window.\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 float
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f2\i\b \cf4 FRACTION_OF_MAIN_WINDOW
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0  = 0.5f;\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * The text displayed on the 'help' JMenu button.\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  String 
\f2\i\b \cf4 HELP_MENU_TEXT
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0  = \cf5 "Help"\cf0 ;\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * The text displayed on the setting JMenu button.\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  String 
\f2\i\b \cf4 SETTING_MENU_TEXT
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0  = \cf5 "Setting"\cf0 ;\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * The text displayed on the 'about' JMenu button.\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  String 
\f2\i\b \cf4 ABOUT_MENU_TEXT
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0  = \cf5 "About"\cf0 ;\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * The text display the main title.\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  String 
\f2\i\b \cf4 MAIN_TITLE
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0  = \cf5 "TCSS360 Project"\cf0 ;\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * The text name for the dialog panel.\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 static
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  String 
\f2\i\b \cf4 DIALOG_PANEL_NAME
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0  = \cf5 "About"\cf0 ;\
\
	
\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  MainFrame() 
\f0\b \cf2 throws
\f1\b0 \cf0  FileNotFoundException \{\
		\cf6 // Initialize fileParser for JFrame dimensions\cf0 \
\
		\cf6 // Setup the main window\cf0 \
		setupFrameDimensions();\
\
		\cf6 // Setup content Panel\cf0 \
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JPanel \cf7 contentPanel\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  JPanel();\
		\cf7 contentPanel\cf0 \
				.setSize(
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  Dimension(
\f2\i\b \cf4 MIN_FRAME_WIDTH
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 , 
\f2\i\b \cf4 MIN_FRAME_HEIGHT
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 ));\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf6 //		this.setContentPane(contentPanel);\cf0 \
		\
		
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setContentPane(
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  CreatePanel());\
\
		\cf6 // Setup the JMenu\cf0 \
		setupMenuBar();\
\
\cf6 //		JButton openButton = new JButton("Open Project");\cf0 \
\cf6 //		contentPanel.add(openButton);\cf0 \
\cf6 //\cf0 \
\cf6 //		JButton createButton = new JButton("Create Project");\cf0 \
\cf6 //		contentPanel.add(createButton);\cf0 \
\
		finalSetupAndVisible();\
\
	\}\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 	 * Final setup including packing and setting the frame to visible.\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 void
\f1\b0 \cf0  finalSetupAndVisible() \{\
		
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setDefaultCloseOperation(
\f2\i\b \cf4 EXIT_ON_CLOSE
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
		
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setTitle(
\f2\i\b \cf4 MAIN_TITLE
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
		
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setupJFrameIcon();\
		
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 .pack();\
		
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setVisible(
\f0\b \cf2 true
\f1\b0 \cf0 );\
	\}\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * Sets the \ul min\ulnone  dimensions and current dimensions using the user preference\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * file.\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 void
\f1\b0 \cf0  setupFrameDimensions() \{\
		
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setMinimumSize(\
				
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  Dimension(
\f2\i\b \cf4 MIN_FRAME_WIDTH
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 , 
\f2\i\b \cf4 MIN_FRAME_HEIGHT
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 ));\
		Dimension \cf7 savedDimensions\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 null
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
		
\f0\b \cf2 try
\f1\b0 \cf0  \{\
			\cf7 savedDimensions\cf0  = FileParser\
					.
\f3\i parse
\f1\i0 (
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  File(\cf5 "USER_SETTINGS.txt"\cf0 ));\
		\} 
\f0\b \cf2 catch
\f1\b0 \cf0  (
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  FileNotFoundException \cf7 theException\cf0 ) \{\
			System.
\f2\i\b \cf4 out
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 \
					.println(\cf5 "File Parser: could not find settings file"\cf0 );\
			\cf7 theException\cf0 .printStackTrace();\
		\}\
		
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setPreferredSize(\cf7 savedDimensions\cf0 );\
	\}\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * Sets the menu bar up with items.\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 void
\f1\b0 \cf0  setupMenuBar() \{\
		\cf6 // Setup the JMenu\cf0 \
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuBar \cf7 menuBar\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuBar();\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenu \cf7 helpMenu\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenu();\
		\cf7 helpMenu\cf0 .setText(
\f2\i\b \cf4 HELP_MENU_TEXT
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenu \cf7 settingMenu\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenu();\
		\cf7 settingMenu\cf0 .setText(
\f2\i\b \cf4 SETTING_MENU_TEXT
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuItem \cf7 aboutPage\cf0  = createAboutPageItem();\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuItem \cf7 changeSize\cf0  = createChangeSizeItem();\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuItem \cf7 export\cf0  = createExportItem();\
\
		\cf6 // Hook the menus together\cf0 \
		\cf7 helpMenu\cf0 .add(\cf7 aboutPage\cf0 );\
		\cf7 settingMenu\cf0 .add(\cf7 changeSize\cf0 );\
		\cf7 settingMenu\cf0 .add(\cf7 export\cf0 );\
		\cf7 menuBar\cf0 .add(\cf7 helpMenu\cf0 );\
		\cf7 menuBar\cf0 .add(\cf7 settingMenu\cf0 );\
		
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setJMenuBar(\cf7 menuBar\cf0 );\
	\}\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * Creates the about page item to access about dialog\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * \cf0 \
\cf3 	 * 
\f0\b \cf8 @return
\f1\b0 \cf3  the about page item\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuItem createAboutPageItem() \{\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuItem \cf7 aboutPage\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuItem();\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  MainFrame \cf7 thisFrame\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
		\cf7 aboutPage\cf0 .setText(
\f2\i\b \cf4 ABOUT_MENU_TEXT
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
		\cf7 aboutPage\cf0 .addActionListener(
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  ActionListener() \{\
			
\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 void
\f1\b0 \cf0  actionPerformed(ActionEvent \cf7 e\cf0 ) \{\
				
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JDialog \cf7 aboutDialog\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  JDialog(\cf7 thisFrame\cf0 ,\
						
\f2\i\b \cf4 DIALOG_PANEL_NAME
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 , 
\f0\b \cf2 true
\f1\b0 \cf0 );\
				\cf7 thisFrame\cf0 .setupDialogPanel(\cf7 aboutDialog\cf0 );\
			\}\
		\});\
\
		
\f0\b \cf2 return
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf7 aboutPage\cf0 ;\
	\}\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * Creates the change size item for the menu bar\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * \cf0 \
\cf3 	 * 
\f0\b \cf8 @return
\f1\b0 \cf3  the change size item for the menu bar\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuItem createChangeSizeItem() \{\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuItem \cf7 changeSize\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuItem();\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  MainFrame \cf7 thisFrame\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
		\cf7 changeSize\cf0 .setText(\cf5 "Set Frame Size"\cf0 );\
		\cf7 changeSize\cf0 .addActionListener(
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  ActionListener() \{\
			
\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 void
\f1\b0 \cf0  actionPerformed(
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  ActionEvent \cf7 theException\cf0 ) \{\
				
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  String \cf7 arg1\cf0  = JOptionPane\
						.
\f3\i showInputDialog
\f1\i0 (\cf5 "Input new width"\cf0 );\
				
\f0\b \cf2 if
\f1\b0 \cf0  (\cf7 arg1\cf0  == 
\f0\b \cf2 null
\f1\b0 \cf0 ) \{\
					
\f0\b \cf2 return
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
				\}\
				
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf7 width\cf0  = Integer.
\f3\i parseInt
\f1\i0 (\cf7 arg1\cf0 );\
				
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  String \cf7 arg2\cf0  = JOptionPane\
						.
\f3\i showInputDialog
\f1\i0 (\cf5 "Input new height"\cf0 );\
				
\f0\b \cf2 if
\f1\b0 \cf0  (\cf7 arg2\cf0  == 
\f0\b \cf2 null
\f1\b0 \cf0 ) \{\
					
\f0\b \cf2 return
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
				\}\
				
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf7 height\cf0  = Integer.
\f3\i parseInt
\f1\i0 (\cf7 arg2\cf0 );\
				\cf7 thisFrame\cf0 .setSize(
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  Dimension(\cf7 width\cf0 , \cf7 height\cf0 ));\
			\}\
		\});\
\
		
\f0\b \cf2 return
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf7 changeSize\cf0 ;\
	\}\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * Creates the export menu bar item\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * \cf0 \
\cf3 	 * 
\f0\b \cf8 @return
\f1\b0 \cf3  the export menu bar item\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuItem createExportItem() \{\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuItem \cf7 export\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  JMenuItem();\
		\cf7 export\cf0 .setText(\cf5 "Export Frame Size"\cf0 );\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  MainFrame \cf7 thisFrame\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 ;\
		\cf7 export\cf0 .addActionListener(
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  ActionListener() \{\
			
\f0\b \cf2 public
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 void
\f1\b0 \cf0  actionPerformed(
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  ActionEvent \cf7 theEvent\cf0 ) \{\
				
\f0\b \cf2 try
\f1\b0 \cf0  \{\
					PrintStream \cf7 output\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  PrintStream(\
							\cf5 "USER_SETTINGS.txt"\cf0 );\
					\cf7 output\cf0 .println(\cf5 "Width: "\cf0  + \cf7 thisFrame\cf0 .getWidth());\
					\cf7 output\cf0 .println(\cf5 "Height: "\cf0  + \cf7 thisFrame\cf0 .getHeight());\
					\cf7 output\cf0 .close();\
					JOptionPane.
\f3\i showMessageDialog
\f1\i0 (\cf7 thisFrame\cf0 ,\
							\cf5 "Settings exported"\cf0 );\
				\} 
\f0\b \cf2 catch
\f1\b0 \cf0  (FileNotFoundException \cf7 e1\cf0 ) \{\
					\cf7 e1\cf0 .printStackTrace();\
				\}\
			\}\
		\});\
		
\f0\b \cf2 return
\f1\b0 \cf0  \cf7 export\cf0 ;\
\
	\}\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * Sets the dialog panel up.\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * \cf0 \
\cf3 	 * 
\f0\b \cf8 @param
\f1\b0 \cf3  theAboutMessage\cf0 \
\cf3 	 *            The dialog panel itself to be setup.\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 void
\f1\b0 \cf0  setupDialogPanel(
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JDialog \cf7 theAboutMessage\cf0 ) \{\
		\cf7 theAboutMessage\cf0 .setLocationRelativeTo(
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 );\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  JTextArea \cf7 aboutMessage\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  JTextArea();\
		String \cf7 message\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  About().getAbout();\
\
		\cf7 aboutMessage\cf0 .setText(\cf7 message\cf0 );\
		\cf7 aboutMessage\cf0 .setEditable(
\f0\b \cf2 false
\f1\b0 \cf0 ); \cf6 // Don't want anyone changing the text\cf0 \
											\cf6 // field!\cf0 \
		\cf7 aboutMessage\cf0 .setAlignmentX(JTextArea.
\f2\i\b \cf4 CENTER_ALIGNMENT
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
		\cf7 aboutMessage\cf0 .setAlignmentY(JTextArea.
\f2\i\b \cf4 CENTER_ALIGNMENT
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 );\
		\cf7 theAboutMessage\cf0 .add(\cf7 aboutMessage\cf0 );\
\
		\cf6 // Make the dialog a fraction of the size of the main window.\cf0 \
		\cf7 theAboutMessage\cf0 .setMinimumSize(
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  Dimension(\
				(
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0 ) (
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getWidth() * 
\f2\i\b \cf4 FRACTION_OF_MAIN_WINDOW
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 ),\
				(
\f0\b \cf2 int
\f1\b0 \cf0 ) (
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 .getHeight() * 
\f2\i\b \cf4 FRACTION_OF_MAIN_WINDOW
\f1\i0\b0 \cf0 )));\
\
		\cf7 theAboutMessage\cf0 .setVisible(
\f0\b \cf2 true
\f1\b0 \cf0 );\
	\}\
\
	\cf3 /**\cf0 \
\cf3 	 * Setup the icon for the JFrame.\cf0 \
\cf3 	 */\cf0 \
	
\f0\b \cf2 private
\f1\b0 \cf0  
\f0\b \cf2 void
\f1\b0 \cf0  setupJFrameIcon() \{\
		
\f0\b \cf2 final
\f1\b0 \cf0  ImageIcon \cf7 img\cf0  = 
\f0\b \cf2 new
\f1\b0 \cf0  ImageIcon(\cf5 "tornadoIcon.png"\cf0 );\
		
\f0\b \cf2 this
\f1\b0 \cf0 .setIconImage(\cf7 img\cf0 .getImage());\
	\}\
\
\}\
}